1.	How do I approach designing software?
My development attitude reflects a directed and methodical mind, which is a basic necessity for successful project execution. Starting with a thorough analysis of the project requirements allows me to gain a clear understanding of the objectives and limits of what I can and cannot be do. I think I am like a directed laser beam, focusing on what must and can be done to satisfy user needs and expectations. The following list details my approach to this first step in the process: Analyze project requirements thoroughly, and make sure the project analysis is as close to perfect as possible within my ability. When I put components into task buckets, I not only make development easier but also enable effective job distribution among team members. This can make collaboration better and efficiency greater. Why? Because when individual team members can concentrate on specific parts of a project, the overall productivity and quality of work tend to increase.
2.	How do I approach developing programs?
The method of creating a minimally viable product (MVP) is a proven and effective strategy in software development. The beauty of the MVP is that it is not only usable but also presents a concrete version of your concept that can be shown to customers right at the outset of the development process. If a customer will not use your product at its most basic level, they certainly won’t use it after you layer on extra features. Also, this method can save time and resources in the long haul. By taking care of probable troubles and weaving in recommendations from users right from the start, you can duck the need for some mammoth rewrites later on. This method has you working side by side with the users, keeping you and the users on the same page, and that is a big deal when you talk about moving at the speed of (software) light. 
3.	How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Building a functional minimum viable product (MVP) is a smart way to early validate an idea while keeping costs down. The MVP is your way of presenting to the client the most important parts of an overall program; it demonstrates the core functions of the proposed program. Luckily, this first version is also a way to get client feedback on the next steps of programming. The software needs users to be satisfied with it. If each feedback cycle in the iterative development process doesn't enhance software user satisfaction, then it needs to be refined, with the product cycle unfurling until it meets expectations—otherwise, again, revisions will be needed later on. In addition, early client involvement creates a collaborative relationship in which the client feels invested in the project. Their involvement creates an opportunity to generate innovative ideas that may not have been considered at the outset, leading to a more robust product.
